The characteristics of Group 1 (Loyal Kommersant readers, older group).
Participants	Sex	Age	Education	Preferred news source(s)	Additional questions: Are you subscribed to the Kommersant telegram channel? How often did you read it in the last few months?
Reader 1
A.T.	M	43	PhD	Kommersant Telegram channel, Kommersant FM radio station.	Yes. Several times a day.
Reader 2
N.K.	M	45	MA	Yandex news generator, Kommersant newspaper (online edition)	Yes. Daily.
Reader 3
I.T.	F	52	MA	Social media, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. A few times a week.
Rader 4
M.A.	F	38	MA	Social media, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. Several times a day.
Reader 5
T.A.	F	45	PhD	Facebook, Telegram, Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. Daily.
Reader 6
I.S.	M	41	MA	Social media, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. Daily.
Reader 7
O.F	F	44	MA	Social media, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. A few times a week.
Reader 8
A.N.	F	44	MA	Social media, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. A few times a week.

The characteristics of Group 2 (Loyal Kommersant readers, younger group).
Participants	Sex	Age	Education	Preferred news source(s)	Additional questions: Are you subscribed to the Kommersant telegram channel? How often did you read it in the last few months?
Reader 9
S.T.	M	22	student	Social media, YouTube, Telegram, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. Daily.
Reader 10
E.D.	F	24	BA	Telegram channels, including the Kommersant channel, Facebook	Yes. Several times a day.
Reader 11
G.G.	M	26	BA	YouTube, Telegram channels, including the Kommersant channel	Yes. Several times a day.
Reader 12
O.G.	F	26	BA	Social media (Facebook), Telegram, including the Kommersant channel	Yes. Daily.
Reader 13
N.G.	F	22	student	Telegram channels, including the Kommersant channel, Facebook	Yes. Daily.
Reader 14
L.D.	F	24	BA	YouTube, Telegram channels, including the Kommersant channel, Facebook	Yes. Several times a day.
Reader 15
E.M.	F	24	BA	Social media, YouTube, Telegram, including the Kommersant Telegram channel	Yes. Daily.
Reader 16
K.S.	M	19	student	Telegram channels, including the Kommersant channel, Facebook	Yes. Daily.

The characteristics of Group 3 (Limited/No Kommersant experience, older group).
Participants	Sex	Age	Education	Preferred news source	Additional questions: Are you subscribed to the Kommersant telegram channel? How often did you read it in the last few months?
Reader 17
A.M.	M	65	MA	Television news, Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 18
V.A.	M	60	BA	Television news	No. Never.
Reader 19
E.T.	F	63	MA	Social networks (OK - Odnoklassniki), Telegram	Yes. Rarely. 
Reader 20
T.V.	F	45	MA	Social networks (Facebook, Instagram), Telegram channels	Yes. Once or twice.
Reader 21
D.V.	F	60	MA	Television news, Telegram channels	Yes. Rarely.
Reader 22
D. Vi.	M	60	MA	Social networks (Facebook, Instagram), Telegram channels	Yes. Rarely.
Reader 23
A.V.	M	58	College	Television news, YouTube, Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 24
A.N.	F	58	MA	Social networks (Facebook, Instagram), Television news, Telegram channels	No. Never.

The characteristics of Group 4 (Limited/No Kommersant experience, older group).
Participants	Sex	Age	Education	Preferred news source	Additional questions: Are you subscribed to the Kommersant telegram channel? How often did you read it in the last few months?
Reader 25
S.V.	F	20	student	Social networks (Facebook, Instagram), YouTube, Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 26
J.V.	F	18	student	YouTube, social networks (VK, Instagram), Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 27
V.T.	M	25	BA	YouTube, Telegram channels	Yes. Rarely.
Reader 28
E.S.	F	25	BA	Social media (VK, Facebook), Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 29	F	18	High school	Social media (VK, Facebook), Telegram channels	Yes. Rarely.
Reader 30	M	18	High school	YouTube, social media (VK, Facebook), Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 31	F	19	High school	Social media (VK, Facebook), Telegram channels	No. Never.
Reader 32	F	18	High school	YouTube, social media (VK, Facebook), Telegram channels	No. Never.

